1. Finding the best hospitals was a fairly straightforward analysis (if not painstakingly difficult to implement due to unfamiliarity with
the analytical tools), considering the extensive documentation accompanying the raw data. It was helpful to understand the methodology behind
how the data was collected and how the accumulated measures were analyzed and ultimately used to provide scores for each hospital. 
   According to the accompanying documentation the hospitals were given weighted scores across seven different "Measure Categories".  
Four of the seven categories were given a 22% weight namely the Mortality, Safety, Readmission, and Patient Experience categories.  
Three of the seven were given a weight of 4% namely Effectiveness of Care, Timeliness of Care and Efficient use of Medical Imaging.  
The combined weights total 100%.  These seven Measure Categories were combined to give each hospital an overall rating.  The aggregated score
represented by "Hospital Overall Rating" is where I started my analysis to find the best of the best. 

2. I started by filtering out all hospitals that did not have an overall rating of 5.  Of the 4807 hospitals from the study only 82 achieved this score. 
Next, given the heavy weighting applied to the four categories of Mortality, Safety, Readmission, and Patient Experience I decided to further filter the remaining 82
hospitals to only those who scored an "Above the National average" in all four of those categories.  This action reduced the total number of hospitals down to 15.  

3. In order to split ties and whittle the remainder down to ten finalists I looked to the remaining categories (which only received a collective weight of 12% total)
to break out the winners.  Looking hard at the data at this point, I noticed that a three of the hospitals did not have availalbe data in one or more the categories.
Therefore, I excluded these three from the final analysis, leaving me with a remainder of 12 finalists.  

4. At this point I would have mapped integer values to each of the three category measures Effectiveness of Care, Timeliness of Care, and Efficient Use of Medical 
and simply calculated an aggregated and then ranked the hospitals by their final score.  Alas, my Spark SQL skills did not allow me the luxury of performing such 
an easy way out, and therefore, I calculated the scores by hand assigning a value of 2 for "Above average", 1 for "Same as National average" and 0 for "Below average".
CITIZENS MEDICAL CENTER from Victoria, Texas was the highest scoring hospital and the only one to score a 5 (two "Above average" values and one "Same as National
average" value).  CENTEGRA HEALTH SYSTEM - MC HENRY HOSPITAL and MEMORIAL HERMANN HOSPITAL SYSTEM were excluded from the list with scores of 2 and 0 respectively.  
Theis exclusion from the list brought the total finalist number down to ten. 
