1. Drawing from the initial analysis of best hospitals, one might be tempted to use the initial filtered table (named better_hospitals) of 82 hospitals which all had an     
overall	rating of 5 from which to draw conclusions for which states offer the highest quality medical care.  Indeed, 20% (17 of	82) of the highest scoring hospitals are 
found in two states alone: Texas and California.  Given	the vibrant economies of both states one might be tempted to end the analysis here by concluding that CA and TX
are models of high quality medical care.  However, this	is a premature conclusion, which doesn't take into account the status of the other not-so-well-performing 
hospitals found	within these two populous states.  When overall hospital scores are aggregated across each state a different picture emerges.

2. I first filtered out non-US states such as the Virgin Islands, Guam and American Samoa among others, from the assignment, it looks like we are only interested in 
US entities. This action brings the distinct number of states to 51, the 51st being the District of Columbia.  Then relying heavily on all of the hard analysis
already conducted by the Compare Hospitals effort, I simply aggregated hospital overall ratings across each state and computed a final average for each state.  As pointed
out earlier, the results are very different when all hospitals, both the good and the bad, are taken into account. Texas for instance doesn't make the Top Ten and barely
makes the Top 20 at #19 on the final ordered list.  California does much worse, at #40.  In absolute terms, by using "hospital overall rating" as the deciding metric,
South Dakota is #1 (with an overall average score of 3.86), followed by Delaware, Wisconsin, Minnesota, Idaho, Indiana, New Hampshire, Colorado, Utah, with Maine rounding
out the Top Ten.  

3. However, I'm not convinced that a direct comparison of overall rating scores between states tells the whole story.  Delaware, for instance, which is ranked as #2 on 
the highest quality list, only has seven hospitals within the entire state, Texas in contrast has 407.  Simliarly, another New England state, New Hampshire, which was
ranked at #7, has only 26 hospitals.  Without taking away from the quality medical care being delivered at some of the smaller states in the Union, it seems to me that
one should take into account a state's ability to deliver quality medical care across multiple locations when determining which states are "models" of high-quality care.

4. Therefore, I ran a query that counted all of the hospitals per state and found the median statistic, which in this case was 70 hospitals.  I then reran an average 
hospital overall rating query grouped by state, but this time only taking into account those states with 70 or more hospitals.  As a result 23 of the 51 states were not
included in the final analysis due to their relatively small number of hospitals per state.  

5. For states with 70 or more hospitals an interesting regional pattern emerged.  The Midwest, specifically, the northern part of the Midwest, claimed 4 of the Top 5
spots and 6 of the Top Ten.  Wisconsin, Minnesota, Indiana, and Iowa all made the Top Five list for highest quality medical care for states with 70 or more hospitals. 
Michigan and Ohio made the Top Ten.  Interestingly enough all of these states border one another, with the state of Illinois being the only bordering state not in the 
Top Ten (but even so, it's close at #12).  All of the states mentioned have hospitals in the triple digits, indicating a demonstrable ability to deliver quality 
medical care across a wide area and thereby earning the status of "models of high-quality care".
