1. The toughest part of this piece of the assignment was deciding how to measure variability in procedures and then wrangling the data to create the desired table.
The actual results were achieved through two one-liner SQL queries.  I started the analysis by deciding to assess hospital variability by using the procedures as described in
the Timely and Effective Care table.  This table lists 22 distinct procedures which were scored by the Hospital Compare study.  In order to assess procedural variability 
between hospitals I had to calculate the standard deviation of the scores grouped by procedure (formally named as measure_id).  Furthermore, because the measure scores were
not in the same units of measurement, I chose to split them into two groups, namely those procedures which were scored in minutes and those based on a percentage of patients.
I have no doubt that there is a way to normalize column values using SQL and take variance statistics from those normalized scores, but given the time I had available to me 
and my current state of SQL skills, I had to settle for making do with a rough answer. 

2. An initial review of the data revealed that almost half the values for the "score" measure were listed as "Not Available" and another 4,000+ values were coded as NULL values.
Therefore, the first step I took was filtering all NA and NULL values from the final table.  Next step was filtering out all entities that were not US states (in keeping with
standard practice from previous query).  Finally, I separated out those procedures which were measured in unit of time (minutes) and those measured in percentage of patients.

3. Once cleaned I ran a simple (rounded) stddev function across all scores grouped by the measure_id.  The final results showed that the procedure with the greatest (absolute) variability
between hospitals was the amount of time a patient spent waiting in the ER prior to being admitted as an inpatient at the hospital.  Waiting times ranged from close to 17 hours
to 1 hour, with an average of around 4 hours prior to admission.  The procedure with the least variability among hospitals was the median number of minutes before a patient
who presented with chest pain or possible heart attack received an echocardiogram (ECG).  Scores ranged from 56 minutes to 0 minutes with an average of 8 minutes.  This finding
is not surprising given the modern standardized protocol of ensuring all patients presenting with chest pain are quickly triaged for a potential heart attack. 

Time-based Variability in ranked order (in minutes):
ED_1b   94.0
ED_2b   63.0
OP_18b  43.0
OP_3b   32.0
OP_20   18.0
OP_21   18.0
OP_1    12.0
OP_5    5.0

4. The greatest variability between hospitals in terms of affected percentages of patients was cataract surgery.  Scores ranged from 100 percent of patients who had improvement
in visual function within 90 days of their cataract surgery to 0 percent.  Average value was 85 percent of patients.  The procedure with the least variability was the percentage
of patients who left the Emergency Room without being seen.  Scores range from 29 percent down to 0 with an average of 1.79 percent.  

Percent-based Variability in ranked order (in percentages of patients):
OP_31   29.0                                                                    
OP_29	25.0
OP_23	20.0
OP_30	19.0
PC_01	4.0
OP_22	2.0
