1. This final task took a great deal of time because I ended up having to add another csv file to the mix in order to get a decent measure against which 
I could correlate the Hospital Overall Rating as described in the hospitals.csv file.  After reviewing the accompanying documentation, I discoved that 
the makers of the HCAHPS survey agreggated the patient responses into one overarching statistic called the "Hospital Star Rating" by which consumsers could
use the resultant number to make apples to apples comparisons among hospitals.  I decided to use this statistic as a value against which to determine 
correlation with the Hospital Overall Rating as measured by the seven measures as described in the Hospital Compare study.  

2. I had to go back and reload the hcahps survey results into the HDFS date lake.  I then had to build a table just like all of the previous files.  I then
created a new table by joining Hospital Name and Overall Rating from the hospitals table with HCAHPS Measure ID and Patient Survey STAR RATING joined on ID (which 
was the Primary Key for both tables).  Once acccomplished I created a new table by filtering out only the HCAHPS Measure ID which was labeled as 
"H_STAR_RATING".  H_STAR_RATING was the key measure that I was looking for.  The survey had several other star ratings included in the survey results, but 
only the H_STAR_RATING represented the aggregated summary of the entire survey for each hospital.  I further filterd the table to remove any "Not Available"
results in the Patient Survey Star Rating results (should have been a decimal betwen 1 and 5).

3. Finally I used a one liner SQL statement to determine correlation between Overall Hospital Rating (1-5) and Patient Survey Star Rating (1-5).  The results
showed that indeed the scores for hospital quality are moderately correlated with patient survey responses (r = .61).  This is a promising finding for 
the creators of the Hospital Compare sutdy.  It would be a shame to find uncorrleated results after all the time and effort went into trying to give
consumers a decent tool for hospital comparisons.
